CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

### Contributing to the Global Sprint

Thanks for your interest in contributing to the 'Peek District' for the Mozilla's Global Sprint 2017.

This is our Github presence during the Global Sprint running June 1-2, 2017.

I'll be based out of the Mozilla London office which is currently in the timezone UTC +1 or British Summer Time (BST).

These files will be changing, especially in the lead up to the that event date.

### Participation Guidelines

This project adheres to a [code of conduct](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/participation/). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to davross@protonmail.com.

### How to Submit Changes

Once you've identified one of the issues above that you feel you can contribute to, you're ready to make a change to the project repository!

  1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) **this repository**. This makes your own version of this project you can edit and use.
  2. [Make your changes](https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/#making-changes)! You can do this in the GitHub interface on your own local machine. Once you're happy with your changes...
  3. **Submit a** [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/proposing-changes-to-a-project-with-pull-requests/). This opens a discussion around your project and lets the project lead know you are proposing changes.

First time contributing to open source? Check out this free series, [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github).

### Maintainers

The repository is currently maintained by [@bunnybooboo](https://github.com/bunnybooboo).

### How to Report Bugs

Notice a mistake? Please file any bugs, requests, or questions in [our issue tracker](https://github.com/mozilla/peekdistrict/peekdistrict/issues)

Commit message:

adding the initial workflow reproduction

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

### Contributing to the Global Sprint

Thanks for your interest in contributing to the 'Peek District' for the Mozilla's Global Sprint 2017.

This is our Github presence during the Global Sprint running June 1-2, 2017.

I'll be based out of the Mozilla London office which is currently in the timezone UTC +1 or British Summer Time (BST).

These files will be changing, especially in the lead up to the that event date.

### Participation Guidelines

This project adheres to a [code of conduct](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/governance/policies/participation/). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to davross@protonmail.com.

### How to Get Started

To start with, we are eleborating upon other people's work on Open Street Map. This is already not a unique project, and your contribution will assist a greater privacy effort globally.

As a reflection of this, we are initially using the same framework they have started. (LINK TBD) Additional to this I have previously used Open Data Kit (ODK) during a Missing Maps London Working Group experiment. ODK has a phone/tablet app on Android called ODK. This will allow contributors to build their own local database. This could be used offline, hosted on your own server, and even stored in the cloud. (ODK Connect tutorial TBD). 

We will not be using a collaborative database, as Open Street Map will handle this for us.

If you have suggestions or changes to this initial workflow, [create an issue](https://github.com/peekdistrict/peekdistrict/issues), or submit a change as set out in the next section.

### How to Submit Changes

Once you've identified one of the issues above that you feel you can contribute to, you're ready to make a change to the project repository!

  1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) **this repository**. This makes your own version of this project you can edit and use.
  2. [Make your changes](https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/#making-changes)! You can do this in the GitHub interface on your own local machine. Once you're happy with your changes...
  3. **Submit a** [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/proposing-changes-to-a-project-with-pull-requests/). This opens a discussion around your project and lets the project lead know you are proposing changes.

First time contributing to open source? Check out this free series, [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github).

### Maintainers

The repository is currently maintained by [@bunnybooboo](https://github.com/bunnybooboo).

### How to Report Bugs

Notice a mistake? Please file any bugs, requests, or questions in [our issue tracker](https://github.com/mozilla/peekdistrict/peekdistrict/issues)
